* Implement changing signal disposition to
  SIG_DFL and SIG_IGN.

* Think about a robust way to keep signal dispositions
  and the table of syncpoints in sync.

* Implement comprehensive parsing of signal names:
  1) Both long and short names should be supported,
     i.e. SIGHUP and HUP should both work.
  2) Integers should be supported, like 1 or 21.
  3) Both forms should accept a leading minus sign,
     like -SIGTERM or -9 (see kill(2)).

  This possibly implies the need to create our custom
  Tcl_Obj type which would cache the signal number
  along with its string rep.

  Such an object could be almost identical to the
  Tcl_IntObj, but with different procs for updating
  the string and integer representations.

* Provide for listing of POSIX real-time signals
  in the signals[] table.

  The problem is that a) the number of such signals
  is not fixed; b) their min and max numbers are
  not fixed.
  This imples we possibly have to make up a dynamic
  table of signals, or may be move directly to
  storing the "signal objects" instead of just pairs
  of signal name and number.

* Think about saving the "subverted" signal handler
  (returned by sigaction() with non-empty last arg)
  and providing for a) calling of this handler;
  b) restoring it.
  This could be useful for interoperating with
  other signal-handling extensions or even with the core.

* GDB lists a whole lot of signals (via its "info signals"
  command) which signal(7) doesn't mention
  (on Debian Lenny).
  It worth studying whether inclusion of these signals
  is desired or not.

* Looks like our package fails to load after the
  Thread package is loaded while current dir
  appears to be unchanged.

  Indeed, it seems like a subtle problem with Tcl's [load]
  command, as its idea about the current directory
  might be different from that of the system, because after,
  say, the Thread package is loaded,
  [file exists libposixsignal0.1.so] returns 1
  but [load] on a non-qualified name fails, *and* it works
  for the full file name.

* Do we really need signal vector for initialization?
  Currently only creation of the table of event handlers
  could benefit from it, and the elements of the
  table of syncpoints are initially initialized to NULL.
  On the other hand, this might prove as being a more
  universal approach, especially if the table of syncpoints
  will change its format.

